Big Joe Big Joe
Ok you you prodigal man
I finally saved so much money
Because what are you not good at learning?
Tianxue Motherland
You know what?
It's not you. It's not gambling. What is it?
I've heard it all
This thing will kill you in one fell swoop.
You calm down what you
Have you thought about it?
If you can pass, if you can't come to me again, you can leave.
Okay, don't regret not changing it by then.
Let's go
Thick appearance
Saying this is a teacher who gets rich
No one bought it
Pretty.
This gentleman must be here to buy a shopping permit.
Ah hello
You are a staff member here.
My name is Li Xin.
It's the sales manager here.
If you want to buy labor
Manager
Chinese New Year is to make money
Who asked you to sell these broken cars to him?
3,000 yuan
I can't do it for three days
This money is exchanged for a meal of waste paper by you.
What are you kneeling for me
But you have already bought it.
I bought it, I told you not to sell it to me today.
I will catch you even if I die
I'm the big brother. This big brother has something to say
So your certificate
I got it.
And you got it?